 Free Website Traffic Checker (2026 Data) Articles Articles Popular AI Search SEO Fundamentals Content Marketing Link Building Marketing AI Search Strategy Win LLM mentions with the Seen and Trusted Framework. LLM Seeding: A New AI Search Strategy For marketers who want their brand cited by AI tools. Generative Engine Optimization (GEO) For brands looking to grow visibility across AI search platforms. What Is SEO? For people that are new to search engine optimization. How to Improve SEO 17 simple ways to quickly improve SEO rankings SEO Checklist Covers technical SEO, On-page SEO, and keyword research. SEO Strategy Learn exactly how to create a strategy, step by step. SEO Competitor Analysis Learn how to outrank your rivals in the SERPs. Google E-E-A-T Understand what it is and how to demonstrate it. Internal Linking for SEO Key for any site that wants higher rankings in Google. Technical SEO Technical SEO is still SUPER important. On-Page SEO Optimize for UX, bounce rate, search intent, and more. Ecommerce SEO Boost your online store’s visibility in search results Best SEO Courses 9 courses that actually teach SEO and AI search AI Optimization: How to Rank in AI Search (+ Checklist) AI Visibility: How to Audit Your Presence Entity SEO: How to Build Digital Brand Visibility in AI Search Audience Research: Stop Guessing What Your Buyers Care About Reddit Marketing in 3 Hours/Week: From 0 Karma to Real Cred Does Your Website Need an LLMs.txt File? + How to Create One Answer Engine Optimization (AEO): How to Win in AI Search SEO Basics: A Beginners Guide Start your SEO journey with fundamental concepts The Ultimate SEO Tutorial for Search and AI Visibility Master SEO from start to finish Pillar Pages The foundation of an effective SEO strategy. How to Do SEO for Your New Website Launch your site with a strong SEO foundation Important SEO Tips Quick wins to improve your search engine rankings Small Business SEO Effective strategies to compete locally and beyond Schema Markup Master schema markup to enhance SEO. Internal Linking Optimize internal links for better SEO. Website Migration Checklist Essential steps for a smooth site migration. What Is Content Marketing? Comprehensive guide for beginners SEO Copywriting: 4 Steps to Write Commercial Pages That Get Visibility Write content that ranks and converts How to Write a Blog Post: The Definitive Guide Craft engaging posts that readers love 12 Content Marketing Trends Stay ahead with the latest strategies How to Build a Content Strategy (6 Steps) How to build a repeatable process to create high-impact content. Content Marketing Examples Get inspired by successful campaigns How to Scale Content Creation Produce more high-quality content efficiently Content Writing 101 Tips, strategies and advanced techniques. Types of Content Marketing Explore diverse formats to engage your audience Copywriting Discover best practices, get insights Link Building for SEO An in-depth guide, complete with case studies What are Backlinks? Understand the backbone of off-page SEO How to Get High Quality Backlinks 7 proven strategies for building high quality backlinks Link Building Strategies All the tactics you need to know 7 Link Building Services Trusted outreach services to boost your backlink profile How To Do a Backlink Audit Analyze your link profile to uncover opportunities Skyscraper Method Boost traffic with this popular technique Increase Website Authority Competitor Analysis Learn how to analyze your competitors effectively. Effective Product Page Examples Best examples of high-converting product pages. Popular Social Media Platforms Top social media platforms you need to know. How to Create a Website (from Scratch) Step-by-step guide to building a website in 2024. Tools Tools Free Tools Tool Guides Tool Reviews SEO Checker Get a detailed SEO score for any webpage instantly with SEOquake. Backlink Checker Discover who’s linking to you and your competitors. Website Authority Checker Enter a domain to evaluate its overall quality and SEO performance. Website Traffic Checker Enter a domain and explore all of the traffic sources. Keyword Research Tool Discover new keywords and performance data to use in your site content. Keyword Difficulty Checker Evaluate how hard it is to rank for specific keywords. Competitor Analysis Uncover the top pages, keywords, and backlinks for competitors. Schema Markup Generator Create JSON-LD structured data for any page to earn rich results in Google. AI Visibility Checker See if AI platforms mention and recommend your brand. AI Agent Readiness Checker Check whether AI systems can access, understand, and cite your site. Agentic Browsing Readiness Checker See if AI agents can reach, read, and interact with any page. SEO Tools Our top picks for optimizing your site. LLM Visibility Tools Monitor your AI search visibility Keyword Research Tools Best tools for uncovering keywords. Content Marketing Tools Essential tools for content marketers. Link Building Tools Top tools to boost your backlink profile. Rank Tracking Tools The best tools to monitor rankings. Local SEO Tools Best tools for local SEO strategies. SEO Agency Tools Top software solutions for SEO agencies. AI SEO Tools Top SEO tools with AI capabilities. Sitemap Generator Tools Best tools for creating XML sitemaps. Digital Marketing Tools Effective tools for every budget. ChatGPT Alternatives We tested dozens to find the best of the best. Semrush Review Comprehensive analysis of Semrush’s tool suite. Ahrefs Review In-depth look at Ahrefs’ features and performance. Ahrefs vs Semrush Compares Ahrefs and Semrush for SEO. Clearscope Review Evaluates Clearscope’s content optimization capabilities. Majestic SEO Review Reviews Majestic’s backlink analysis tool. Surfer SEO Review Assesses Surfer SEO’s optimization features. Serpstat Review Analyzes Serpstat’s SEO and PPC tools. SparkToro Review Reviews SparkToro’s audience research capabilities. Templates About Search Close Newsletter Menu Articles Articles Back Popular AI Search SEO Fundamentals Content Marketing Link Building Marketing Tools Tools Back Free Tools Tool Guides Tool Reviews Templates About Newsletter Sign Up Try Semrush – Free Trial Backlinko readers get access for 14 days. 55+ tools. Tools / Free Website Traffic Checker Free Website Traffic Checker Instantly see any website&#x27;s estimated monthly traffic, top traffic sources, visitor engagement, and more. Search Website Traffic Checker: Benchmark Against Competitors Written by Backlinko Team Last updated Dec. 29, 2025 Knowing how much traffic your competitors get, where it comes from, and how engaged their visitors are can help you benchmark your performance. And it lets you identify new opportunities to improve your strategy. 
 Why Website Traffic Analysis Matters 
 Analyzing your own website traffic can help you understand whether your SEO efforts are working. 
 So you can understand if you’re driving traffic for your target keywords. Or if recent page optimizations are leading to ranking gains. 
 But traffic analysis really starts providing value when you analyze your coWmpetitors. 
 This helps you: 
 
 Understand your industry&#8217;s online landscape and spot market opportunities 
 See how you stack up against competitors and identify their successful strategies (so you can replicate them) 
 Confirm whether your marketing efforts are paying off compared to industry standards 
 
 What This Traffic Checker Can Show You 
 Monthly Visits for Any Website 
 See how much traffic your competitors receive, and their performance over time: 
 
 If their traffic increases a lot in a short space of time, it could indicate that they’ve launched a new content marketing campaign. Or picked up lots of new backlinks . 
 Engagement Metrics Like Pages per Visit and Average Visit Duration 
 Find out whether the visitors your competitors receive are actually engaging with their content. Compare this data with your own metrics to see where you need to improve. 
 
 For example, if your competitors seem to keep their visitors on the page for longer than you, check out their content to understand why: 
 
 Do they have more images than you? 
 Do they format their posts differently? 
 Are they doing a better job of meeting the search intent ? 
 
 Use these insights to improve your own content. 
 Top Organic Keywords 
 See which search terms drive the most traffic to your competitor websites to find gaps in your own keyword strategy: 
 
 You can see metrics like: 
 
 Their current rank (and position changes) 
 The percentage of their total traffic that their top keywords drive 
 The total search volume for each keyword 
 Search trends for each keyword 
 
 Backlinks and Referring Domains 
 See how your backlink profile stacks up against competitors. And understand whether you might need to scale your outreach efforts. 
 
 For example, if it looks like your competitor is attracting a lot of new referring domains, they might be running a link building campaign . 
 To keep pace with them, you might want to ramp up your own outreach efforts to boost your site’s authority. 
 How to Get the Most Out of This Free Traffic Checker 
 
 Identify your top competitors: Enter each one into the tool to see their traffic metrics. 
 Check their engagement metrics: Getting traffic is one thing, but providing valuable and engaging content is another. Compare these metrics to your own to understand where you need to improve. 
 Track changes over time: Regularly check the website traffic of your competitors. Also keep tabs on their backlink profiles and top keywords to spot potential strategy changes. 
 
 How to Make Strategic Decisions Using Traffic Data 
 Once you&#8217;ve gathered competitor traffic data, you need to turn these insights into actionable strategies. 
 Here’s how: 
 Analyze Traffic Sources 
 If your competitor&#8217;s organic traffic surges, analyze their recent content and keyword targeting. Are they targeting a new topic that you’ve missed? 
 Also pay attention to their top ranking keywords. If they’re driving a significant portion of their traffic, or they’ve recently gained positions, check their content. 
 Have they made major website improvements? 
 Are these topics you could also target and steal some of their traffic? 
 Identify Content Performance Patterns 
 Identify your competitor&#8217;s most-visited pages and analyze their content structure. 
 
 Are these pages you could create better versions of? 
 If so, start creating quality content on those topics and monitor your rankings over time. 
 Analyze Engagement Metrics 
 Engagement metrics can have a BIG impact on your business’s bottom line. You can use our traffic checker to understand how you stack up against your competitors for key engagement metrics. 
 For example, if your competitors’ visitors tend to stay longer, examine their content depth and format. Is it easier to follow than yours? Does it have more engaging images? 
 And if your competitors’ visitors are viewing more pages per visit, it could suggest they have a stronger internal linking structure than you. 
 Finally, if you have a high bounce rate compared to competitors, look for opportunities to create better-optimized content that gives users what they want. 
 How to Troubleshoot Common Traffic Checker Issues 
 While our traffic checker is straightforward to use, there are some cases where you could run into issues. 
 Here’s how to solve the most common problems: 
 No Data Available 
 This is likely the most common issue you’ll run into. 
 
 To fix it: 
 
 Check you’ve entered the URL correctly, including the correct domain extension (like .com or .org) 
 Remove any additional parameters or tracking codes from the URL 
 Try checking the domain with and without &#8220;www&#8221; 
 Try again another time (for new websites, it might just take time for data to appear in the system) 
 
 Data Discrepancies 
 As with any SEO tool, you’ll likely see 