
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 CMake - Upgrade Your Software Build System 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 Skip to content 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 kitware.com 
 contact us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 about 
 
 Features 
 History 
 News &#038; Updates 
 
 
 solutions 
 
 Support 
 Training 
 
 
 getting started 
 documentation 
 customize 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Download 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 
 
 CMake: A Powerful Software Build System 
 CMake is the de-facto standard for building C++ code, with over 2 million downloads a month. It’s a powerful, comprehensive solution for managing the software build process. Get everything you need to successfully leverage CMake by visiting our resources section. 
 Getting Started Documentation 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 When used well, CMake allows us to get new projects up and running fast. 
 
 
 
 
 Alexander Drew 
 Staff Software Engineer 
 Johnson &#038; Johnson 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 It&#8217;s the only tool that lets me build C++ projects without a substantial headache. I love CMake. 
 
 
 
 Cameron Rutherford 
 Software Engineer 
 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Switching to CMake from bjam has been a massive boost to our organization’s development efficiency. 
 
 
 
 James Armes 
 Principal Software Engineer 
 Medtronic 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 It&#8217;s platform independent and easy to set up complex projects. You can connect multiple small project libraries. 
 
 
 
 Ashish Patil 
 Lead Engineer 
 John Deere 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 I am very excited about CPS. I package hundreds of packages, and config modules are always broken and hard to teach. 
 
 
 
 Tyler Weaver 
 Staff Software Engineer 
 PickNik 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 I love CMake, CTest, and CPack. They have massively simplified my deployments and code safety. 
 
 
 
 Keith Bennett 
 Senior Software Engineer III 
 DroneUp 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 CMake Features What sets CMake above its competitors: its extensive list of features. CMake Features 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Single source builds on multiple platforms 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cross-platform packaging system 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Out-of-source builds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 System introspection 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cross-platform testing system 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Learn how to use our platforms from the experts who developed them 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 On-Demand Training 
 Learn CMake at your own pace with our On-Demand CMake course. 
 
 
 Learn at your own pace 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Live Training 
 Led by the developers who build and maintain CMake. 
 
 
 Summer and Fall Sessions Available 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Kitware holds training courses throughout the year, but can also create a custom course for your team. Visit our trainings page to learn more. 
 Training 
 
 

 



 
 

 
 From Our Blog 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 

 
 
 CMake Support 
 
 
 
 
 Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Kitware is here to help on your CMake journey. Whether you’re looking for custom CMake builds, support, or training, Kitware’s team of experts can work closely with you to ensure you’re efficiently leveraging our open source platform. 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 





 
 

 
 

 
 
 CMake Contributors 

 
 
 
 
 
 Kitware Inc. 
 
 
 National Library of Medicine 
 
 
 National Alliance for Medical Image Computing 
 
 
 Sandia National Laboratories 
 
 
 Advanced Simulation and Computing 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 ©2024 Kitware, Inc 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 kitware.com 
 download 
 privacy 
 license 
 contact us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 