 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Guiding Tech - How To Articles, Gadget Buying Guides, Tech Lists 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Guiding Tech 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Android 
 Windows 
 Internet and Social 
 iOS 
 Gadgets 
 Mac 
 Buying Guides 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Helping millions of people navigate the world of technology. 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 60M+ 
 


 
 
 Annual Readers 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 6,000+ 
 


 
 
 Guides and Reviews 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 5,400+ 
 


 
 
 Tech Videos 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 Latest News 

 
 
 
 What Is Power Throttling in Windows 11? 
 By Lloyd Ingram in Windows 
 Learn how to disable power throttling in Windows 11 to improve performance and prevent Windows from cutting power to essential tasks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top Firefox Privacy Features You Should Enable Immediately 
 Enable Firefox privacy features like tracking protection, HTTPS-only mode, and automatic history clearing in the Privacy and Security menu. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Why More People Ask AI Before They Ever Open Google 
 A survey of active AI users published in late 2025 found that 37 percent now start a search by asking... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Troubleshooting AMD Noise Suppression Not Working 
 AMD Noise Suppression system error? Try these fixes to get noise suppression working again and reduce background noise. 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 Recommended 


 
 
 
 
 3 Fixes for "How to Get Help in Windows" Keeps Popping Up 
 If the 'how to get help in Windows' page keeps popping up on your PC, here are some troubleshooting tips to help you stop it. 
 
 
 
 Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Review: It's Ultra, but Not for Everyone! 
 Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra offers a big display, a bigger battery and a lot of power. But is it the smartwatch for you? Let's find out. 
 
 
 
 6 Best Leaf Blowers to Buy This Fall 
 In search for the best leaf blowers to buy this fall for your backyard or garden? Check out our list for some good options. 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 Meet our experts 



 Meet some of the experts behind our most insightful guides and reviews. 


 

 
 



 Ashish Mundhra 



 Head of Video & GM 



 With over 15 years of expertise spanning Android, Windows, iOS, and Linux, his contributions have been recognized from publications such as The New York Times, Lifehacker and more. He holds a Master’s Degree in Computer Engineering and has served as a Team Lead at IBM. 
 



 
 



 Estephania Cristina Ph.D. 



 Editor 



 Dr. Cristina graduated with a Ph.D. and Masters in Science as well as a Bachelors in Electrical Engineering with Honors prior to working with Guiding Tech Media as an Editor and Author. She has been active in the fields of computer vision and image processing for the past 9 years. 
 



 
 



 Mark Condon 



 Editor 



 Mark has been a professional photographer, editor and community builder for over 15 years. He has personally reviewed hundreds of high tech photography equipment over the years and has deep expertise in creating technical content for both professionals and hobbyists. 
 



 
 



 Adrian Tam Ph.D. 



 Editor-in-Chief 



 Dr. Tam is a data scientist and software engineer at NVIDIA. He received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering as well as his Masters in Information Engineering prior to becoming Editor-In-Chief at Guiding Tech Media. He has co-authored six books across various topics of technology. 
 

 


 LEARN MORE 
 

 

 

 

 watch now 



 
 Learn more on Guiding Tech&#8217;s Y ouTube Channel 
 

 

 

 
 Play 



 How To Format A Hard Drive or SSD in Windows 11 
 



 
 Play 



 How to Disable Startup Programs in Windows 11 
 



 
 Play 



 How To Change Color Of App Drawer in Nova Launcher 
 

 

 

 
 Play 



 How To Turn On Developer Mode in Android 
 



 
 Play 



 How to Change Apple Watch Faces from iPhone 
 



 
 Play 



 How to Get Google&#8217;s Circle to Search on iPhone And iPad 
 

 


 MORE VIDEOS 
 

 

 

 

 
 Windows 


 
 
 
 
 What Is Power Throttling in Windows 11? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Troubleshooting AMD Noise Suppression Not Working 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 What to Do When the iSCSI Service Is Not Running 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How to Fix Windows Defender Quick Scan Not Working 
 
 
 
 
 


 More → 
 

 



 

 
 Android 


 
 
 
 
 Best Android Apps for Budgeting in 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How to Use Copilot on PC to Run Android Smartphone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How to Open Your Android Storage Wirelessly From Windows 11  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How to Install the Google Play Store in Windows 11 
 
 
 
 
 


 More → 
 

 



 

 
 iOS 


 
 
 
 
 10 Best Automation Ideas on iPhone and How to Create Them 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 Apps to Make Your Apple Watch Do More Than Just Fitness Tracking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 iOS 18 Features Mark a Major Leap for Apple, and Here’s Why I Think So 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 iOS 18 Finally Gets T9 Dialing and App Lock a Decade Later Than It Should Have 
 
 
 
 
 


 More → 
 

 

 

 

 
 FEATURED 



 
 

 What to Do if Your Upgraded RAM Doesn’t Show up or Work on Windows 11? 

 Let us have a look at four things you can do if your upgraded RAM doesn&#8217;t show up or work on your Windows 11 laptop. 
 
 

 Fix: “Call Failed, the Group Has Too Many Participants” Error on WhatsApp 

 Are you facing &#8220;Call Failed, the Group Has Too Many Participants&#8221; error on WhatsApp? Here&#8217;s how to fix this issue effectively. 
 
 

 Can You Upgrade the RAM on Your Windows Laptop? 

 Before you get started on upgrading the RAM on your Windows laptop, let us have a look at a few things you might need to consider beforehand. 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 Follow Guiding Tech 



 
 Facebook 



 Twitter 



 Instagram 



 RSS 
 
 



 
 JOIN THE NEWSLETTER 



 Get Guiding Tech articles delivered to your inbox. 



 Subscribe
 
 

 

 

 

 
 Ebooks 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 Explore Full Catalogue 
 

 

 

 

 
 More on guiding tech 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How Artificial Intelligence Is Being Used in Web Hosting 
 
 AI now runs quietly behind most web hosting platforms, predicting server failures, scaling traffic, and cutting energy costs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Low VRAM Error? How to Use System RAM as Video Memory 
 
 Can you turn VRAM into RAM? It’s not the best solution, but it can be done and is done by your operating system. We take a closer look. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Quick Guide to Configuring Hyper-V in Windows 11 
 
 Configuring Hyper-V depends on having a relatively modern CPU and Windows 11 Pro and above. Here’s what you need to do. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cannot Rename Network Adapter Name Already Exists – How to Fix 
 
 Cannot rename your network adapter? Learn how to fix the error by removing hidden devices, using PowerShell, or troubleshooting the registry. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 Ways to Fix Windows Store Error Code 0x801901F7 
 
 Learn how to fix the Windows Store error 0x801901F7 with simple troubleshooting steps, including cache resets, proxy fixes, and updates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Decline Of The AWP Is Reshaping Defensive Setups 
 
 On March 18, 2026, Ilya &#8220;m0NESY&#8221; Osipov opened X and asked Valve to delete his own weapon. &#8220;Another AWP nerf. Just remove it from the game already,&#8221; the Falcons sniper wrote, days before BLAST Open Spring 2026 got underway. He wasn&#8217;t the only one. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 More Posts 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Android 
 Windows 
 Internet and Social 
 iOS 
 Gadgets 
 Mac 
 Buying Guides 
 
 
 
 # How-tos # Comparisons # Tips & Tricks 
 
 Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 Guiding Tech 
 
 
 About Contact 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
Advertise
 
 © 2026 Guiding Tech Media. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
