# E057 per-row read: Biology (30 bodies)

== q117855 uid=72917
   TITLE: Another berry for identification
   BODY : Surely not uncommon here in Hamburg, Germany: I already saw 2 of those trees, one directly in a park behind my house. At the moment (end August) berry saison is nearly over. Last month tons were lying on the way. A small tree, nothing remarkable (as in "useful for identifying"). Most similar to a wine berry. The size is virtually identical: 1 cm or so. So is the color. Faint aromatic smell, can't make anything out of it. As you see, I scanned a halved berry and a leaf. EDIT: A yet unripe fruit, end July.

== q119586 uid=8986
   TITLE: Identify Northern Poland / Masuria region molt or a dead insect
   BODY : I found this empty insect shell indoors, and I'm trying to identify what creature left it behind. Can you help me with that? Exact location : 53°40'15.3"N 21°28'58.7"E Location description : Europe, Northern Poland, Masuria region (wooded area near river Krutynia). Size : For scale, I've included a matchstick in one of the photos (a standard matchstick is about 4.5 cm / 1.8 inches long). At first glance, the body shape made me think it might be the remains or a molt of some kind of wasp or a bee, but I am completely unsure. There is also a tiny spider attached to one of its back legs, though that might just be a coincidence. Is this an insect molt (exuvia), or a dead insect eaten from the inside? Can anyone help me identify the species or family? Can you also try to identify this tiny spider (if photo quality isn't to low)?

== q119396 uid=27918
   TITLE: Natto at room temperature; what is it about certain fermentations or bacteria that leads them to smell like ammonia while others don&#39;t?
   BODY : I've just now learned that if I leave natto (fermented soy beans) at room temperature for a few days it can generate an ammonia odor due to continued fermentation. Living things generally generate ammonia during amino acid breakdown, but most don't smell like it. Personally, I'd never run across a fermented food that actually smells like ammonia until now (though it seems there are). If all (or at least most) living things generate ammonia, what is it about certain fermentations or bacteria that leads them to smell like ammonia while others don't? Just for example, I'm curious if release of the gas in smellable quantities has some utility for bacteria in some cases, and is a problem for them in other cases an is therefore prevented.

== q119313 uid=120449
   TITLE: Algae identification
   BODY : I collected some fibre-like algae from a local swamp to isolate and observe under the microscope, but I can't understand whether this is Spirogyra since it's missing the spiral structures inside the cytoplasm. Is this Spirogyra, Cladophora or something else? Is it possible that it's in some stage of its sexual reproduction process? Microscope magnification: 100x Region-Eastern India wetlands

== q119342 uid=33966
   TITLE: Found on a Normandy beach: from which species is this (partial?) bone and what kind of bone is it?
   BODY : Which animal does this bone come from? And which bone of the skeleton is it? This bone was found on a Normandy beach ( Donville-les-bains , East coast of Manche, France) during the summer 2025 (June or July). Its dimensions are about 18cm long and 9.5 cm large, not really thick. It also seems incomplete as cavities are exposed. On the "back" view (second picture) it looks like the internal part of the bone has been exposed, as if it had been split in half. It's very light and hollow, as well as seemingly fragile so I was considering the idea it could be from some seabird (possibly one of the large gull species that live in the area) without any certainty and without being able to identify which bone of the skeleton it's a part of in such a case. Detail of the cavity and bone marrow visible on the left part of the second picture: Detail of the cavity visible on the top part of the bone on the left of the first picture: Detail of the cavity visible on the left part of the bone on first picture:

== q119329 uid=46589
   TITLE: How to identify the nucleus of the shell spire in gastropods?
   BODY : The nucleus is the very origin of the spire aka "the first whorl". In theory, and from drawings in literature, the nucleus is supposed to be like a half-circle in apical view, or in other words: if one were to follow the spiraling towards the nucleus, they are to hit an obvious dead end, and there should be a point where the suture ends: However, that's not what it looks like in reality: The shape of the "cap" at the apex of the shell is extremely irregular. There is no obvious point where the suture just terminates: in fact, oftentimes it looks like it keeps going infinitely, although gradually weakens. For example, on the image below, it LOOKS like the suture ends somewhere highlighted with red, but it could be visibly extended further, easily. Meanwhile, the image below, the expected protoconch whorl count for this species suggests that the nucleus should start somewhere around the orange line. However, it looks like it keeps spiraling infinitely, and I could very easily count up to 6 protoconch whorls instead of the normal ~3. Is there any practical guideline to tell the exact location of the first whorl?

== q117945 uid=88338
   TITLE: Identification of the anatomy of a hydra (cnidaria)
   BODY : I need help identifying the parts (4, 8, 9 and 10) of this hydra in the given diagram. The other parts have already been identified: epidermis gastrodermis mesoglea ? tentacles cnidocytes gastrovascular cavity ? ? ? Each term has its corresponding number, and they do not repeat. Thank you very much if you can help me.

== q117924 uid=116118
   TITLE: What is this weird looking skeleton? (found in Brittany)
   BODY : We found this partial skeleton at the beach in northern Brittany. It is around the same size as my hand (~20 cm), but is only a partial skeleton, so the whole animal is likely longer. The skeleton seems to be either some kind of head, with some teeth like structure at the end. Though I think it might alternatively be a tail.

== q117849 uid=115148
   TITLE: Crinoid? I am trying to find out what this is. I think it may be a crinoid. But I am not sure at all
   BODY : I am trying to identify this creature. I saw and filmed it at Bunaken National Park, North Sulawesi, Indonesia, at about 15 m depth in May, 2025. I was astonished to see this "bush" moving. I thought it might just be moving with the current, but it changed direction and seemed to have a destination. The video is not edited at all. Please see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6maAONUJ_4

== q117569 uid=5403
   TITLE: Identify device that was supposed to cool samples using “radiant cold”
   BODY : About a decade ago, somebody told me about a device sold to biology labs, which should keep samples cool while working on them. It worked roughly as follows: An ice cube is placed in a lens contraption, which collects its “radiant cold” and bundles it onto the sample. In essence it’s Pictet’s experiment , although the details may differ. Now, I have created a physics exercise for my students to estimate how well this would actually work. (The answer is: not very well, even under optimistic assumptions.) For this purpose I would like to show the actual device, an advertisement for it, or similar. Unfortunately I failed to find it, and therefore I am asking for any hints pointing to the thing. I am asking on this particular site, since biologists are most likely to have encountered this device. Please note that this is not about the physics of the device – I think I understand that quite well.

== q115830 uid=96646
   TITLE: Help in identifying this dot-sized insect crawling on my bed
   BODY : While laying in bed scrolling on my phone I found this crawling in it. It is extremely small, no bigger then the period in this text, could barely see it with the naked eye, I had to zoom in like 10-14x with the phone and the image is not the best. I live in Louisiana and have 2 pets, a cat and a dog. I am around livestock at times and live in a rural area and also hunt in the wild. Please help me identify this insect.

== q115510 uid=49887
   TITLE: What is this plant disease that causes raised blobs in the leaves?
   BODY : I found this plant in Borneo with seemingly diseased leaves. The leaves have raised reddish blobs. What could be the cause of such deformities?

== q115699 uid=65353
   TITLE: What is this insect found in an apartment in Brazil?
   BODY : I found some insects after moving into a new apartment in south eastern Brazil, in an urban center. It is the 11th floor (relatively high up) but very windy region. Some loose wings can be found around the house. I'm not sure if they are being blown through the windows or if we have an infestation somewhere. Some individuals were found inside bathroom cabinets. I've found two live ones with wings last night, one of which is shown in the pictures. A dead one without wings was also shown.

== q115678 uid=94546
   TITLE: Identification of bone?tooth? found on beach
   BODY : Need help identifying what I think is a tooth. We found it on the beach near Galveston, Tx. I took it to a natural science museum for help with ID and they agreed it appeared to be a tooth but not sure what from. They thought possibly marine mammal? Anyways I'm posting here with pictures in hopes someone can identify it's origins. Thank you

== q113706 uid=78237
   TITLE: Trying to identify a plant by its root
   BODY : My kids were digging through a pile of dirt I had made for them to play with (my son wants to do bike jumps off it) and they brought in the attached root. I never got to see what kind of vegetation was growing from it, and the kids can't remember what it looked like. This is from our backyard in central Texas. The closest I have found was potato dandelion but there are very little picture references to this.

== q115179 uid=630
   TITLE: What is this fruit from Cambodia? (orange skin, 3cm, orange juicy flesh, very stick white substance)
   BODY : I saw this fruit in Thailand but was told it's from Cambodia: Orange skin, ~3cm: Orange juicy flesh: The top has a very stick white substance (the stickiness is quite similar to longkongs ): What is this fruit?

== q115030 uid=84126
   TITLE: What is this huge mosquito looking insect?
   BODY : This is on top of a refrigerator on my porch in North Carolina about 45 minutes from the coast. I’ve never seen anything like it!

== q115033 uid=84137  [tried-something]
   TITLE: Identifying eggs on my window
   BODY : I live at the western tip of Britanny, France, near the town of Brest. I noticed a strange spot on my window, inside the house, which I hypothetised was eggs of some unknown organism. Sadly, I have no better photo equipment than my phone, no tripod, nothing, so that is the best photograph I was able to make, as it was very hard to be steady and focus both. The maximum length is around 12mm. The legs are laid flat in one layer. A publishing amateur entomologist told me it was probably not an insect. Though it is not his domain, he is somewhat dubious about arthropods in general. That's the extant of my research, apart from googling "ponte + keyword", "ponte" being the scientific french word both for the act of laying eggs, and for the resulting total items (i.e. the picture represents some 50 eggs and one "ponte"). I tried insects, arthropods, snails, ... As for googling it in english, I am not aware of an english language word equivalent to the french word. That's gonna me my first question, what keywords would lead me in the right direction. My second question is obvious : does someone have any idea about this ? :D The eggs matured into something looking like fish larva : a big black spot and a larval tail. Then died. I managed to take a better picture of the "larval stage" : Finally, thanks to a binocular, but still a phone, sadly, a picture of the "larva" : Thanks for your i

== q114996 uid=83643
   TITLE: What kind of very tiny bugs are these? Please help to identify!
   BODY : The are very very tiny, finding number of them in my bathroom and bedroom, Difficult to see on non- white surface. Difficult to click pictures, This is best I can come up with. Location - MD, USA

== q114738 uid=80996
   TITLE: What is this insect (possibly a cockroach)?
   BODY : I'm looking to identify this insect, found inside a (basement) bathroom by the sink. Wondering if it's perhaps an oriental cockroach / water bug, but the images don't look quite the same, and the bug didn't run from the light like most cockroaches would. The size is also wrong - this one was only about half an inch long, approximately 13 mm. Note: this is the second odd bug we've found inside; the first looked like a wood roach (but now I'm second-guessing that identification). I'm located in the northeastern US, in Massachusetts. Both bugs were found in the late evening, if that matters - between 8 and 9 pm.

== q114222 uid=None
   TITLE: What is this arthropod? (found in Lapland - Finland)
   BODY : I found this arthropod climbing the wall of my room in Lapland, Finland. (the max width is about 0.5 cm) What is it? Is it dangerous?

== q114037 uid=78797
   TITLE: Help identifying this fossil
   BODY : Found near alexandria mn enter image description here

== q113998 uid=23113
   TITLE: Extremophile hunting and identifying unknown microbes
   BODY : I'm going extremophile hunting! We're doing a trek by boat between some islands with semi-active volcanic terrain to try to document some interesting species, and running into a problem I've never tackled before. Usually I'd send samples into a lab for genetic analysis, and then go from there, but in this case we won't be able to get samples to and from the lab until the end of the trip. At that point we won't be able to go back and follow the most interesting organisms without a second trip. The temptation is to bring along whatever equipment we need for our mobile lab and do the genetic analysis on-site. Space and budget are at a bit of a premium, so I thought I'd ask the community if anyone has any good ideas for microbe identification on the go. We'll have power and refrigeration and even a small amount of freezer space, though no -80C freezer. We're most interested in extremophilic fungi, though I'm sure we'll find other interesting things along the way.

== q113978 uid=78715
   TITLE: Identification of an insect found near the Rhine, Germany
   BODY : It was about 2-3cm long It has two small wings and 6 legs

== q113557 uid=77894
   TITLE: Plant (lamp) identification
   BODY : I recently came across this lamp part and wanted to get a lamp shade in the shape of the matching blossom. Does someone recognize the leaves?

== q113449 uid=77660
   TITLE: Does anyone know the name of this insect?
   BODY : Living in São Paulo, Brazil. Thanks for helping me.

== q113505 uid=39466
   TITLE: What is this cocoon (if that is what it is)?
   BODY : I found this cocoon (or what I think looks like a cocoon) in an urban hedgerow in Upper Bavaria, Germany in early October (begin of autumn). Around was a web, but no inhabitants were there. Its diameter was about 3 cm and its opening showed towards the sky. Thank you already for hints! :)

== q113413 uid=77617
   TITLE: Can anyone identify this bug please
   BODY : We had just gotten a new kitten from a not great home. It was her second night here, and she was laying on my chest when I noticed that where she had been lying on me was really really itchy. When I looked down I thought I was looking at dust, but it was moving and there must have been like 5 or 6 of them. I can barely see it, they just looked like little brown spots and I'm hoping to god its not bed bugs. It looks like it has antennae and 6 legs maybe I'm really sorry about how blurry the photos are. The YouTube video is easier to see here (youtube video) . I'm not good at identifying insects so please help me. Thank you! [

== q113585 uid=52703
   TITLE: Identifying a bone I found in Central France
   BODY : I found this bone in Auvergne as a child. This specific area is apparently well-known to paleontologists and I found the bone in a field very close to scientific excavations (literally meters away from the area that was delimited by ropes). I picked it up and brought it to a local museum but back then they simply told me something like "lucky find, it might be a prehistoric animal! You can keep it, we only do mammoths here." Years passed and I've kept this bone (probably a vertebra, coccyx or sacrum) on a shelf. Now, my curiosity is having the best of me and I would really like to identify it. I spent some time looking at "bone identification" forums, databases and charts online, but they were quite disappointing. However, I am almost sure the bone belongs to the spine of a mammal. Here are pictures (mug for scale):

== q113483 uid=4934
   TITLE: How to find out what biological effects a molecule has, without having a specific mechanism or pathway in mind?
   BODY : I'm interested in finding what biological effects a (small) molecule has in a high-throughput and "low-assumption" way. I'm mainly interested in cell-based assays. Background: There are easy/fast assays of high level phenotype effects eg cell proliferation or differentiation, but those wouldn't pick up lots of molecules as being active at all, unless they're at toxic levels. There are also a lot of assays which look at a specific pathway, eg using a Western blot with an antibody to a phosphorylated protein (phospho-Akt comes to mind). But those don't help if one doesn't already know the relevant pathways; they're more useful if screening molecules that target a known pathway, or confirming a known/suspected mechanism of action (and also most really aren't high throughput). I'm interested in assays which can produce information on everything a molecule does when interacting with a cell, if possible in a single experiment. Some things that come to mind: Gene expression profiling (eg using microarrays or RNAseq): gives information on the expression of everything; it is comprehensive and reasonably high throughput. The main limitation is that expression is usually a few steps downstream of what the molecule would interact with, unless it is literally interacting with transcription factors; so it would usually require tracing changes back up various signalling pathways Proteomics (e

